Welcome back the next data type we're going to talk about again we've covered strengths the next datatype
that exists in red S are called hashes and hashes are maps between string fields and string values.
And the best way to think about them are simply like objects just like in javascript we have objects
Rhetors hashes are very very similar.
Let me demonstrate I can set a hash type datatype by saying H am sat and now within here I guess a user
id let's say forty five name
let's go with Johnny.
And here we've just created a hash with a key user and this key has both id of 45 and name of Johnny.
So if I do H get hash GED and I do ID and that doesn't work because I have to say what is the hash that
is what is the key that is identifying this object.
So it would have to be a get user ID and I get 45.
If I do get a user name I get John and if I do something like H get all and I just give them the key
look of that I get all the identifying criteria of the user.
Again a good way to think about hashes and redness is simply it like javascript objects.
All right let's talk about lists in the next video.